Give a kiss on the mouth to the player of your choice.
Kiss the player to your right
Show your naked stomach to the players
Hold hands with the person of your choice for 5 minutes
Have a teammate style your hair
Massage the feet of a player of your choice.
Do a belly dance for 30 seconds.
Propose a romantic marriage to the person on your left.
Kiss on the cheek to all women present.
Give a teammate a 1-minute head massage.
Simulate a monkey for 30 seconds.
Whenever you're asked a question, do a dab first.
Pose like a bodybuilder for 30 seconds.
Find out within 1 minute whose hair smells the best.
Dance to the song being played.
Kiss an opposite-sex person on the cheek/mouth.
Show the group a really embarrassing photo of yourself.
Try to get your legs behind your head.
Hug your opposite (Aww sweet).
Swap the T-shirt with the person to your right/left.
Scream out of the window “My name is (name) and I am a donkey”.
Let yourself be tickled for ten seconds.
Feed the person to the right of you with something tasty.
Drink a large glass of a drink in one go.
Spend a round with your feet up, head down.
Try putting a toe in your mouth.
Do ten push-ups.
Tell the person opposite how great he/she is.
Act like a chicken for 30 seconds.
Do one person in the group of your choice. The others have to guess who.
The player to your right can mix you a brew of all kinds of ingredients and you have to drink it.
Smell the armpits of each person in the room and give each one a note.
Try to break dance for 10 seconds.
The group can choose a song, you have to dance to it!
Talk three rounds with an accent!
Have a conversation with a chair and pretend to respond.
Do Miley Cyrus' stage performance at the VMA's!
Flirt with a fellow player like he/she's the hottest guy/girl you've ever seen. Go for it!
Tell the person right across the room what's great about him/her!
Pretend you are the absolute kissing expert and show your fellow players what a perfect French kiss looks like — but alone!
Pantomime someone from the group. The others have to guess who it is!
Give all the girls in the room a kiss on the cheek.
Swap a piece of clothing with the player to your left.
Play the last song you heard on your phone and dance wildly to it.
Post a picture of your feet in your Insta Story.
Post a picture of the person to the left of you on Instagram and write "He/She is mega hot!!".
Rap like your favorite rapper for 30 seconds.
Rap a verse about a fellow player.
Say a tongue twister five times real quick.
Speak like a baby for the next three rounds.
Argue with your other self.
Carry the person to your right across the room.
Try to touch the tip of your tongue to your nose.
Show your fellow players your latest WhatsApp chat history.
Show a break dance.
Talk for 2 rounds as if you had inhaled helium.
Find out whose hair smells the best.
Give the person opposite you a lap dance.
Kiss a teammate's ass.
Massage your breasts in an erotic way.
Pick an object of your choice and simulate a blow job.
Use only your teeth to undo the pants of the player opposite you.
Fake an orgasm.
Drink a drink from the navel of the person sitting opposite you.