What is your most embarrassing experience?
Have you ever peed in a swimming pool?
What is your secret fantasy?
Who in this room would you most like to kiss?
Who do you find most attractive in this room?
If you could have a part of your body enlarged: ...which one would it be?
Have you ever kissed a person of the same sex?
Have you ever made out on a first date?
Who in this room do you not like at all?
Who has the best ass in this room?
What teacher were you in love with?
How many men/women have you kissed?
Who would you like to kiss now?
When did you have sex for the first time?
When was the last time you had sex?
Who do you think has the biggest bust girth?
Which famous person would you like to spend the night with?
What is the most disgusting thing you've ever done?
What is your favourite position during sex?
Have you ever had a wet dream with the parent of a friend?
Who are you in love with?
If you could have a wish that would disappear after 24 hours, what would it be?
Which animal would you most like to be?
You are a man/woman for one day: What is the first thing you do?
What was the biggest mistake in your life?
Where would you most like to be now?
If you could go to a desert island What three things do you take with you?
When was the last time you showered?
What's your worst habit?
Which secret did you never want to tell?
Have you ever committed a crime before?
What drugs have you tried (except alcohol & tobacco)?
What is the first thing you look for in a woman/man?
Which celebrity do you secretly have a crush on?
What are you most afraid of?
If you were invisible, what would you do first?
What's your biggest crush?
What is it about the person to your left that you don't like?
What would you like to try but don't have the guts?
What was the most unusual place you had to pee?
How many times have you kissed?
What is the most embarrassing thing that has ever happened to you?
How many guys / girls have you kissed?
Which star do you find hot?
Have you ever stolen anything?
Which animal suits you best and why?
What was your worst date?
Who would you like to kiss now?
What is your darkest, most secret fantasy?
Would you rather have your bottom tattooed or your tongue pierced?
Which famous person would you like to spend the night with?
Where would you like to orb to now?
You have to marry a star, who?
How/ where/with whom was your first kiss?
What is your favourite position?
Where is your erogenous zone?
Do you moan at the climax?
Who here would you like to have sex with?
When was the last time you had sex?
Where are your genital piercings?
How many men / women have you kissed?
What was your worst basket?
Who did you have the hottest date with?
What is your favourite position?
When was your first time?
Are you a virgin?
In the bathroom, do you fold or roll the toilet paper?
Where do you shave everywhere?
Have you ever been intimate with two people at once?
Have you ever heard your sister / brother moaning?
Have you ever been caught masturbating?
In which places have you ever had sex?
Have you ever cheated on someone?
Are you always faithful?
Did you have a teenage crush?
What star would you like to date?
What is the most embarrassing moment in your life?
Which of the mouths in this group do you find the most beautiful?
Which player has the best hands?
Where was your first kiss?
Who in this group would you most likely let kiss you?
Who at this table is the ticklest?
What was the biggest mistake of your life?
Has anything embarrassing ever happened to you on a date?
Have you ever been exposed to drugs?
Which person would you like to kiss now?
When was the last time you had a hangover?
Have you ever cheated on a school exam?
Which teacher do you think is hot?
Have you ever stolen anything in the past?
Do you snore at night?
What is your favourite song?
With which player would you swap for a week and why?
What are you most afraid of?
Where do you shave everywhere?
Do you look in the toilet bowl before you flush?
Who has given you the worst heartache?
Have you ever cheated?
Have you ever had a threesome?
Do you think any of the people in this room are hot?
Have you ever had anal sex?
What kind of hairdo do you wear?
When was the last time you had sex?
Which sex position do you like best?
Have you ever had sex with more than one person in one week?
Have you ever had sex outside? If so, where?
How many people have you kissed?
Have you ever stolen anything?
What was your most embarrassing experience while in school?
Would you rather be ugly and popular or pretty and unpopular?
Which celebrity would you jump into bed with immediately?
What was your worst date?
Would you be tempted to have sex with a person of your gender?
When did you last have a blackout?
Who has the best ass?
What is the stupidest thing you've ever done?
Tell the most embarrassing story that ever happened to you.
Tell the most embarrassing story that ever happened to you on a date.
Tell an embarrassing childhood secret.
Tell a secret, dark fantasy.
Do you fold or roll the toilet paper before you wipe?
Do you look in the toilet bowl before you flush it?
Have you ever pissed in the water at the swimming pool?
Have you ever tasted your boogers?
Have you ever stolen anything?
Have you ever committed a crime?
Have you ever had contact with illegal drugs?
Imagine you were on a desert island. What person in this room is there that you would never take with you?
What qualities do you find most distasteful about the opposite sex?
Which person in the room has the most attractive body?
Which of your fellow players has the most beautiful ass?
Which girl/guy at your school do you find the hottest?
Sort all your teammates from pretty to ugly.
Have you ever peed in the shower?
Have you ever stuffed your bra or panties?